Brief introduction for the air quality tutorial (#11)
numpy/numpy-newsletter: links-to-click/tutorial-air-quality.md

**Analyzing the impact of the lockdown on air quality**

The pandemic-induced lockdown provided a rare, controlled environment to observe the effect of human activity on Delhi's air quality. [Mukulika's](https://github.com/Mukulikaa) tutorial, *Analyzing the impact of the lockdown on air quality in Delhi, India*, calculates Air Quality Indices and tests the air-quality improvement after the lockdown.

This tutorial teaches the following concepts:

* The concept of moving averages
* How to calculate Air Quality Index (AQI)
* How to perform a paired Student’s t-test and find the t and p values
* How to interpret these values

> [Read the the tutorial on numpy.org](https://numpy.org/numpy-tutorials/content/tutorial-air-quality-analysis.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Read a text version of the tutorial on numpy.org.](https://numpy.org/numpy-tutorials/content/tutorial-air-quality-analysis.html)
```

> [Watch a video about the tutorial on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bfFI2WuuMA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Watch a video presentation of the tutorial on the official NumPy YouTube channel.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bfFI2WuuMA)
```

**Analyzing the impact of the lockdown on air quality**

> The pandemic-induced lockdown provided a rare controlled environment to observe the effect of human activity on the air quality. [Mukulika's](https://github.com/Mukulikaa) tutorial- *Analyzing the impact of the lockdown on air quality in Delhi, India*, calculates the Air Quality Indices and uses hypothesis testing on the data samples to test the improvement of air quality after the lockdown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The pandemic-induced lock down provided a rare controlled environment to observe the effect of human activity on the air quality. [Mukulika's](https://github.com/Mukulikaa) tutorial- *Analyzing the impact of the lockdown on air quality in Delhi, India*, calculates the Air Quality Indices and uses hypothesis testing on the data samples to test the improvement of air quality after the lockdown.
```

> The pandemic-induced lockdown provided a rare controlled environment to observe the effect of human activity on the air quality. [Mukulika's](https://github.com/Mukulikaa) tutorial- *Analyzing the impact of the lockdown on air quality in Delhi, India*, calculates the Air Quality Indices and uses hypothesis testing on the data samples to test the improvement of air quality after the lockdown.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The pandemic-induced lockdown provided a rare, controlled environment to observe the effect of human activity on Delhi's air quality. [Mukulika's](https://github.com/Mukulikaa) tutorial, *Analyzing the impact of the lockdown on air quality in Delhi, India*, calculates Air Quality Indices and tests the air-quality improvement after the lockdown.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

This tutorial teaches the following concepts:

* The concept of moving averages
* How to calculate Air Quality Index (AQI)
* How to perform a paired Student’s t-test and find the t and p values
* How to interpret these values

```

> [Check out the tutorial!](https://numpy.org/numpy-tutorials/content/tutorial-air-quality-analysis.html)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Read the the tutorial on numpy.org](https://numpy.org/numpy-tutorials/content/tutorial-air-quality-analysis.html)

[Watch a video about the tutorial on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bfFI2WuuMA)
```
